Eventing docs updates for 6.5 (#1477)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-statistics.adoc

Eventing Statistics, for each deployed Function, can be fetched from an Eventing node using the Web Console.

> To fetch Eventing Statistics for a deployed Function you need to leave the Eventing main UI page, first goto the *Couchbase Web Console* > *Servers* page, then click *Statistics.* Note, this page will only show deployed Eventing functions, you can scroll down to any section labeled *Eventing Stats: _deployed_function_name_* and expand the section to show the four key graphs for the Function along with numeric values listed below each graph:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch Eventing Statistics for a deployed Function you need to leave the Eventing main UI page. First go to the *Couchbase Web Console* > *Servers* page, then click *Statistics.* Note that this page will only show deployed Eventing functions. You can scroll down to any section labeled *Eventing Stats: _deployed_function_name_* and expand the section to show the four key graphs for the Function, along with numeric values listed below each graph:
```

Edited slightly for readability
